Signs with directions are shown
A woman is walking happily down the street
There's something about great design
that allows it to go practically unnoticed.
but it doesn't take much to make thing confusing and frustrating
The signs change to have poor contrast
The woman now looks confused
Choosing colors with poor contrast makes navigating, reading and interacting
a real pain
She looks at a navigation app on her phone
Good design mean sufficient contrast between foreground background and colors
That's not just text and images but links
icons and buttons
The app has a button with low contrast
that changes to become clear
If it's important enough to be seen then it needs to be clear
and this is essential for people with low-contrast sensitivity
which becomes more common as we age
An older man on a sofa is looking at a tablet
He goes to read a message on his mobile phone
With good colors websites and applications can be easier to use in more situations
like in different lighting conditions
Sun glares on the phone
but the text is still readable
Web accessibility
Essential for some, useful for all.